NARRATOR With Ash's fifth Gym
battle win next on their agenda
our heroes continue
to make their way through
the wilderness
of the Lumiose Badlands.
Once we get through this area,
we'll be close to Lumiose City.
[panting]
Sorry I kept you all waiting.
No prob. You okay, Clemont?
[CONCERNED]
Hey, Ash,
are you sorry you weren't able
to challenge the Lumiose Gym?
Yeah, but back then,
you decided that challengers
should be strong enough
to have earned four Gym badges
first, right?
Huh? Well, yeah.
Since that's what you wanted
I'll just come back
when I've gotten four of 'em.
[SLEEPY]
If that's what you want.
‐ One thing..
‐ 'Huh?'
I want the battle to be
against you instead of Clembot.
Huh? Deal.
I'll make sure I get stronger.
So I can give you
a Gym battle you'll never forget
for the rest of your life.
That sounds good to me.
Great. That's what we'll do.
When we get to Lumiose City
let's have our battle
right away.
Sure. You've got it.
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH "THE FUTURE IS NOW,
THANKS TO DETERMINATION!"
I'm really hungry.
It's almost ready, Bonnie.
Hm. All clean.
Make sure you eat a lot, buddy.
[AGREEMENT]
You know what they say.
You can't battle
on an empty stomach.
[thinking] Of course Ash
remembers the deal we made.
Froakie, you've got
to hang in there!
[WEAK]
CLEMONT
Ever since I ran into Ash
I've learned so much from him.
So what do you say?
Is it enough if I simply have
a battle as a Gym Leader?
Are you okay?
Am I good enough
to have a meaningful battle?
[SCARED]
[panting]
[ATTACK]
If one hit isn't enough,
we'll just hit a bunch of times.
[ATTACK]
[grunting]
[HAPPY]/[EXERTION]
You can't stop me!
[grunting]
Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Aura Sphere, go.
[AURA SPHERE MOVE]
Finish this with Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
[SATISFIED]
[thinking] If only I could give
something back to Ash,
as a Gym
Leader.
‐ Aah!
‐ Huh?
‐ Clemont, it's burning!
‐ Oh? Huh! Uh!
Hard as a Rock‐type.
[DISAPPOINTED]
Sorry about that, Bonnie.
That's isn't like you at all.
You alright?
[sighs]
I got lost in my thoughts.
Aah.
‐ What's that?
‐ That's the Kalos Power Plant.
A power plant?
My big brother
designed that place.
[gasps]
Not exactly.
I just helped
with the programming.
I think that's so awesome.
CLEMONT The Kalos Power Plant
collects the sun's energy
directly from space,
then transmits it down
to our planet's surface
as microwaves.
It's stored in a superconductor
energy storage ring
then distributed
to Lumiose City.
Yup. That makes sense.
Wow, Ash, you got that?
Yeah, science is so amazing
which is why it makes sense,
right?
I know. Why don't we go check
out the power plant up close?
Good idea. And maybe we'll come
across some rare Electric types.
‐ It's possible.
‐ Let's go.
It looks like a secret base.
That's strange.
Huh? That antenna is usually
pointed toward the sky.
So do antennas feel sad too?
Maybe something happened.
‐ Yeah, could be.
‐ We should go check it out.
Right.
[CURIOUS]/[PAINED]
Huh? Something wrong?
[PAINED]
Dedenne's acting strange too.
Something's not right.
[SURPRISED]
Luxio?
[PAINED]
BONNIE
'Dedenne?'
CLEMONT
'Luxio!'
Pikachu, where are you going?
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
[EXERTION]
‐ Dedenne!
‐ Huh?
What's gotten into those three?
Let's follow them.
‐ Right.
‐ What?
‐ Look at all of them.
They're all electric‐types too.
Dedenne.
Electric‐type Pokémon.
And they're all gathering
at the power plant. Huh?
[intense music]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Dedenne!
Hey, wait.
‐ Aah!
‐ What do we do?
Maybe the power plant
has something to do
with their strange behavior.
It all happened so quickly.
We've got to help Pikachu
and the others.
Got any ideas
on how we can do it?
I think so.
There are blueprints
of this plant.
I've seen them before,
though I only saw them once.
Ah! The plant has giant
air vents. That's how we get in.
Great.
This is it.
Okay. Come on out, Frogadier.
[CONFIDENT]
See those vents?
I need you to stop their fans.
[CONFIDENT]
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
Careful. Watch your head.
‐ Ah.
‐ Huh?
Huh?
These vents connect
the whole plant.
Somebody's down there.
'Oh, no, they've been tied up!'
Hm? Is somebody up there?
[screaming]
‐ Who are you three?
‐ Are you one of them too?
One of who?
This plant is under siege.
Wait.
Somebody took control of it?
Yeah, you got that right.
A trio of hijackers consisting
of a man, a woman and a Meowth.
Not only that,
the Meowth can talk!
[all gasp]
A talking Meowth, huh?
Yeah, we let them in
thinking they were in need.
Help us out, please.
We're lost, alone
and we're scared.
If we don't get some water,
we'll shrivel up!
‐ Oh?
Feel better now?
You lugs are lifesavers.
You've allowed us
to get back to work.
Alright, shall we begin?
[men grunting]
What do you think you're doing?
Well, we'll alter
your programming
and convert microwaves into
Pokémon control waves, dig?
JAMES 'Simply pointing your
antenna towards the ground'
'and broadcasting those Pokémon
control waves.'
We'll be able to catch
a substantial number
of Electric‐type Pokémon
at once.
Clear and to the point.
[growls]
You can't!
You have no idea what that will
do to the Pokémon so stop it!
Quiet, please.
Now, Inkay, be a dear
and shut their loud mouths.
[APPEARING]
[EXERTION]
And then when we woke up
we found ourselves
locked up in here.
This has gotta be Team Rocket.
That's why Pikachu and the
others are acting so strangely.
It's because
of the Pokémon control waves.
So do you know
where they are now?
They must be in
the power plant's control room.
You see the control room
is right next
to the superconductor ring.
And I'm pretty sure
they're still there.
So can you tell us
how to get to them?
A.C.
The route isn't complicated
but they've locked every single
door between here and there.
JULES But we might be able to
open them
from the sub‐control
room.
You just leave unlocking
those doors to us.
That's great. Thank you.
So the first door
we go through is that one.
We'll force it open. Ugh!
Alright, Bunnelby, let's go.
You too, Pancham.
‐ Hawlucha, use Karate Chop.
‐ And Bunnelby, Double Slap.
Pancham, use Arm Thrust.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
We did it!
Time to rescue those Pokémon.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Luxray.
MEOWTH
This is keen. What a scene.'
It's like a whole universe
of Electric types.
Huh?
There's a Pikachu.
You don't think
that's the Twerp's, do ya?
Well, if in fact it is,
that means one thing.
Those Twerps are a hop,
skip and a jump from here.
[panting]
JULES Please, stand by.
We're unlocking the door now.
JOLT 'We don't know what's
happening inside,
so please be
careful.'
We will.
A.C.
Good luck to you.
Huh?
Pikachu. Hey, Pikachu.
No use. They're not reacting
to your voice at all.
Twerp time.
I demand you, Twerps, butt out!
JAMES
'You may think you're hiding'
'but you're as obvious
as your dumbness'
[gasps]
'And it's game, set and match'
'for the team
in the driver's seat.'
MEOWTH 'We've got a mountain
of Electric types'
'and that's pretty neat.'
So get used
to the taste of defeat.
From this moment forward
the Kalos Power Plant
is under our control.
Of course, that means one thing.
We're controlling
Lumiose City as well.
And if you try to get in our way
we'll totally turn the city
into Panicville.
Get a load of this.
‐ Uh?
‐ Huh?
CLEMONT
Not that.
[tires screeching]
[honking]
Huh?
The city's power.
They shut it all off!
Now, what are we going to do?
What can we do?
Alright. We'll do as you say.
Good choice. You're not so dumb.
With all of Lumiose City
being held hostage
all you can do
is keep being Twerps.
Hey, Ash, what now?
‐ Clemont, ready yet?
‐ Almost.
SERENA/ASH/BONNIE What?
You want to reverse the current?
That's right,
reversing the current
will overload the entire system
and stop the flow of Pokémon
control waves for a short while.
It's designed so we're able
to reverse the current remotely
like with the locks.
But still, it's going to take us
a while to do it.
Wait until
the superconductor energy ring
in the central area turns red.
That's the sign
it's ready to be reversed.
JULES 'And, Clemont,
when that happens..'
Right. I'll reverse the current,
which will overload the system.
Good. It's really the only way.
Don't let your guard down.
Let's be extra‐certain
they can't pull any fast ones.
How?
What's going on
in that head of yours?
We simply force all of those
Electric‐type Pokémon
to attack the Twerps.
Command waves.
So let's give it the gas.
[DAZED]
[all gasp]
‐ Alright. I've got this.
‐ Follow me, quick.
[INTENT]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screams and grunts]
It's too dangerous. Stop.
I can't let Team Rocket
use these Pokémon.
No way. There's no way!
[Ash grunting]
ASH
'Pikachu..'
[CONFLICTED]
I'm gonna get you out of here.
And I'm not gonna stop
until I do!
Uh.
No! Don't let the Twerp
get close to Pikachu.
That's asking for trouble.
I'll make it double.
[AGGRESSIVE]
Aah! Ah.
Stop it! Ah.
‐ Clemont!
[AGGRESSIVE]
[screaming]
Clemont, no!
Oh, Luxio.
Luxio. It's me.
Don't be a hero.
Quick. Turn it up to eleven.
Or even twelve.
[PAINED]/[AGGRESSIVE]
Uh? Luxio?
[Clemont screaming]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Excellent. Keep it up.
‐ Clemont, no!
‐ We'll get you out of there.
‐ 'Luxio!'
‐ Huh?
I'm sorry.
It's painful, isn't it?
It hurts, doesn't it?
I'm here. And I won't quit
until you're safe and sound.
[CONFUSED]
Huh? What's with the red?
It's pretty, but strange.
SERENA Look.
The superconductor ring's color.
BONNIE It turned red
just like they said it would.
[thinking] Come on, Luxio. We
can get through this together.
Clemontic Gear, on!
Just hang on.
I'll act as a ground.
‐ Aah! Clemont!
‐ Clemont!
Alright, I want you
to keep using Discharge.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT
'Ugh!'
[DISCHARGE MOVE]
‐ Oh!
‐ Whoa! What was that?
Get busy and fix it, stat.
As fast as I can.
[CONFUSED]
Dedenne!
[RELIEVED]
Hey, buddy.
[EXCITED]
[groaning]
BONNIE
Clemont!
‐ Oh, no.
Luxio, I can't thank you enough
for everything you've done.
[AFFECTIONATE]
Uh?
We have ignition.
So, back to those command waves.
With pleasure.
[whimpering]
Is that what I think it is?
Ah!
[CONFIDENT]
It evolved.
[IMPRESSED]
Ah. Ah. Ha‐ha.
[ELECTRIC TERRAIN MOVE]
Look at that.
Luxio evolved and learned
how to use Electric Terrain.
Is that allowed?
Oy. I don't feel good.
Huh?
Luxray, the Gleam Eyes Pokémon
and the evolved form of Luxio.
'Using the power
to see through walls'
'Luxray can track down
hidden opponents'
'and even locate lost children.'
Good. Now, time to make
our counterattack.
When Electric Terrain's
in effect
Electric type attacks
get a power boost.
Everybody! Let's go!
[DISCHARGE MOVE]
You don't want to do that.
And even if you do, don't.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
No!
We're blasting off again!
[cheering and laughing]
CLEMONT
I'm truly sorry
that some sections of
the power plant were destroyed.
Don't be. Not a problem.
Because of you,
Lumiose City is safe.
We're the ones
who should apologize.
We're using the subsystem
to supply power to the city
so everything is fine.
That's great.
And I learned something else
from you, Ash.
I didn't do anything.
We were able to get
all of the Pokémon out of there
thanks to you.
He's right.
You were really amazing.
Yup. You were so great
[chuckles]
Well, thank you all.
It's nice to know
you feel that way.
I'm on my way to our
main offices in Lumiose City
to brief them
on what happened today.
Ah. Hm.
Would it be possible if I came
along with you to Lumiose City?
[all gasp]
Sure. If you want.
Clemont, what are you doing?
I think it's time
I headed back to Lumiose City.
Then we'll go along.
‐ No.
‐ Huh?
I'm just not satisfied
with where I am right now.
I want to go home
and work hard and train
before you come
to the Lumiose City Gym.
'By the time you challenge
the Lumiose Gym'
'I'll be ready to give you
a battle that you'd expect'
'from a Gym Leader.'
I see.
But still, I'm not gonna lose,
no matter what.
ASH/CLEMONT
Hm.
Serena?
'Will you look after Bonnie?'
You can count on me.
[sobbing] I'm not a little kid.
I'll be fine.
Hm.
[helicopter whirring]
I'll be waiting
at the Lumiose Gym.
See you soon.
Don't forget,
I'm gonna beat you
and win my fifth badge for sure.
We'll see. Since I'm not gonna
lose either.
Take care.
Can't wait for our Gym battle.
[WARM]
NARRATOR Because of our heroes'
bold actions
the Kalos Power Plant is safely
back in the right hands.
Now, Clemont is off
to Lumiose City by himself
for some time to reflect
while Ash eagerly looks forward
to his upcoming battle
against Clemont at the Lumiose
Gym, as the journey continues.
[theme music]